<h1 align= 'center'> ChangeLogs </h1>
<h2 align = 'center'> v2.0.0 </h1>

### Version 2 is finally out!

## Changes
- You can now reset/remove snipes!
  - After a lot of requests on privacy related issues, I've added subcommands to the snipe and editsnipe commands that allow you to reset or remove a particular snipe from the map
  - Commands: 
      - `c!snipe remove <index>`/`c!editsnipe remove <index>` -- Can be used to remove a snipe using its index. Example, if you want to remove the 2nd snipe from the channel you may run `c!snipe remove 2` and so on...
      - `c!snipe reset`/`c!editsnipe reset` -- Resets all the snipes in the current channel.
- Added a new Chaoswords Mini-Game
    - The aim of this mini-game is to hunt a particular set of words from a meaningless sentence...
    - Command: `c!chaoswords`
    - Alias(es): `c!cwords`
 
- New "old content" and "new content" field in the editsnipe command!
      - can be simply accessed by typing `c!editsnipe`
  
- Quote Command
  - Responds with a random quote, nothing more, nothing less
  - Command: `c!quote` 
  - Alias(es): `null`
 
- Today In History:
  - Responds with an event that occured today in history..
  - Command: `c!todayinhistory`
  - Alias(es): `c!tih`

- New Image Manipulation Commands: 
    - Distort: 
        - Distort's a user's avatar!
        - Command: `c!distort` 
        - Usage:
            - `c!distort` - Distorts your avatar
            - `c!distort @user` - Distorts a mentioned user's avatar 
        - Alias(es): `c!magik`
    - Kiss: 
        - Kiss someone/make two users kiss! 
        - Command: `c!kiss`
        - Usage:
            - `c!kiss @user` - Kiss a user!
            - `c!kiss @user1 @user2` - make two users kiss...
        - Alias(es): `null`
   
- ServerInfo
  - Basically hands out detailed information on the guild...
  - Command: `c!serverinfo`
  - Alias(es): `c!sinfo`
 
- Improvements in the afk system
    - The bot now adds an `[AFK]` tag to your nickname when you go afk and, removes the same when you're back!
    - Command: `c!afk`
    - Alias(es): `null`

## Patches

- Issue: Not able to reset the guild's prefix configuration
  - Status: `Patched`


Thats it folks, 
Cya in the next update!


  
  
