<h1 align='center'>Changelogs</h1>
<h2 align='center'>v3.0.0</h2>

## Update to v3 is now live! 

### Notable Changes:

- New **Top Commands list** that shows Citron's top 10 Most used commands -  You can try using `c!help top` to access this list. Since this system is pretty new, its gonna take sometime for more commands to show up in the list. 
- Added an **Urban Dictionary** command - This command can help you access the meanings of any term available on [urbandictionary.com](https://urbandictionary.com) directly through discord. Type `c!urban <word>` to try this command out!
- Added a **Ship** command - Just a troll command that help's you ship two users together or ship yourself with another person! Command: `c!ship`

### Other New Commands:

- **Reverse** - Reverses the supplied text. For example: `c!reverse Hello World` will return `dlroW olleH`
- **SoftBan** - A simple command that ban's and then unban's a user immediately. Command: `c!softban @user <reason>`
- **Emojify** - Converts the supplied text into emojis. Example: `c!emojify Hello World` will return `🇭🇪🇱🇱🇴   🇼🇴🇷🇱🇩`
- **Greyscale** - An image command that adds a greyscale filter to your avatar or the avatar of the mentioned user. Command: `c!greyscale @user`
- **NotStonks** - Ever tried the `c!stonks` command? This is just the opposite of it. Command: `c!notstonks @user`
- **Discordify** - Another image command, this one's hard to explain so just try `c!discordify` to find out what it does
- **Invert** - Inverts the colours of your or another person's avatar! Command: `c!invert @user`
- **pressF** - Helps pay your respects on discord, as simple as it sounds... Type `c!pressf <anything>` to try it out!

### Patches: 

Not many, just a few minor bugs patched...

### Additional: 

- Did you know about our [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/LemonizDev/Citron-Updates) that can be used to receive announcements, report issues or get help with the bot. Note that the existence of this repo doesnt mean you can't use the in-server support channels (#help-desk, #suggestions, etc..) 

- It's my birthday, in 9 days from today(3rd june 2022), idk why I said this but I think y'all should know `🙂`

Thank you for reading, cya soon

~ Lemon
